apps: Removal of previous work-around to increase vm.max_map_count for OpenSearch (#2723)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: migration/v0.49/README.md

    export CK8S_CLUSTER=<wc|sc|both>
    ```

> 1. Reinstall OpenSearch, as its PSA has been lowered to `restricted`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Apply OpenSearch and remove PSPs, as its PSA has been lowered to `restricted`.
```
